It's all up to providence
The seven-star lamp never goes out for seven days and seven nights
Your beautiful sister will come to life
Then let me stay here for seven days
You must stay here
But before that, there's one more thing to do.
Grandpa, do you mean Robin Li?
That's right, tomorrow night, two moons on the same day
Yin flourishes and yang declines
Robin Li Earth Angel
Tao Xing has greatly increased
There will be revenge
We need to get ready in advance
Grandpa, what do you need me to do?
For beauty
I fought with him earlier
Dad, what do you need me to do?
Tomorrow night midnight
I want you to prepare a black coffin
And a tablet with your name on it at the door